9 with me today it zucchini
So spaghetti alla carbonara give the
should look like this when it's done
That's not spaghetti
wheat flour or wholemeal flour but
really complete zucchini and the
Carbonara sauce is vegan and needs it
their lack of moss and onion horcher
tofu garlic zucchinis in something
isolated courtyard of a bio
lemon water unfortunately no mister why
but really only water actually
but I have fresh parsley right now
not there so now just such a tk
eight herbs mix olive oil salt pepper
lemon juice and around the zucchinis too
such yes to such spaghetti too
do you need so so happy spiral
tailors are the name I have
now a gvo ordered how good that
works out because she will not be me afterwards
you do not need the lenski yet
the americans only used an am
sharpen main highest of classic
I've had that for a long time now
that's really cool style is now
not inconceivably cut but I stop
Twelve centimeter blade will be beautiful
taut and just has a great shape
good the cia one here already at that time
the e center of citizens just enter
Dream the part
and still almost no game of war
Okay, I 'll do some cooking and
will report back with any device
are done
that's the zucchini spaghetti so me
really a bit like spaghetti
zucchini spaghetti alla carbonara and
Now I'll give it a try
also for the first time the zucchini are
forever
I hope I get fished out 23
Well, if I say forever , then mine
I'm so incredibly long
spiral tailor has some problems
moment
okay i'm a little angry in the
cookbook the recipe I have on the
cookbook of attila hildmann around the 9th
coal already said that she kinect
These do not taste so much different
as normal spaghetti and there is even
already something to it
you do not believe that the hammer yes
there is lemon with it abraded
lemon and lemon juice so yes me
believe the grated lemon peel
omit or as the teaspoons
Lemon juice mix citrusy though
otherwise top everything clear
that was from me I will taste
I hope you have something
fine rape and peace I 'm out